Learn code spring syntax cleaning: Infrastructure and Advanced (#1934)
astronomer/docs: learn/deferrable-operators.md

## Example workflow

> The example DAG below is scheduled to run every minute between its `start_date` and its `end_date`. Every DAG run contains one sensor task that will potentially take up to 20 minutes to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example DAG is scheduled to run every minute between its `start_date` and its `end_date`. Every DAG run contains one sensor task that will potentially take up to 20 minutes to complete.

<CodeBlock language="python">{sync_dag}</CodeBlock>
```

Using `DateTimeSensor`, one worker slot is taken up by every sensor that runs. By using the deferrable version of this sensor, `DateTimeSensorAsync`, you can achieve full concurrency while freeing up your workers to complete additional tasks across your Airflow environment. 

> The screenshot below shows 16 running DAG instances, each containing one active `DateTimeSensor` taking up one worker slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following screenshot, running the DAG produces 16 running task instances, each containing one active `DateTimeSensor` taking up one worker slot.
```

> ![Standard sensor Grid View](/img/guides/standard_sensor_slot_taking.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Standard sensor Grid View](/img/guides/standard_sensor_slot_taking.png)

Because Airflow imposes default limits on the number of active runs of the same DAG or number of active tasks in a DAG across all runs, you'll have to scale up Airflow to concurrently run any other DAGs and tasks as described in the [Scaling Airflow to optimize performance](airflow-scaling-workers.md) guide.
```

> The DAG code using the `DateTimeSensor`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <CodeBlock language="python">{sync_dag}</CodeBlock>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Switching out the `DateTimeSensor` for `DateTimeSensorAsync` will create 16 running DAG instances, each with one task in a deferred state (violet square) which does not take up a worker slot. Tasks in other DAGs can use the available worker slots making the version using a deferrable operator more cost and time-efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switching out the `DateTimeSensor` for `DateTimeSensorAsync` will create 16 running DAG instances, but the tasks for these DAGs are in a deferred (violet) state which does not take up a worker slot. Tasks in other DAGs can use the available worker slots making the version using a deferrable operator more cost and time-efficient.
```

![Deferrable sensor Grid View](/img/guides/deferrable_grid_view.png)

> The only difference in the DAG code is using the deferrable operator `DateTimeSensorAsync` over `DateTimeSensor`:
> 
> <CodeBlock language="python">{async_dag}</CodeBlock>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Because Airflow imposes default limits on the number of active runs of the same DAG or number of active tasks in a DAG across all runs, you might have to scale up Airflow to run your desired amount of DAGs and tasks, as described in the [Scaling Airflow to optimize performance](airflow-scaling-workers.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Example workflow

> The example DAG below is scheduled to run once for every minute within a defined time-frame (between its `start_date` and its `end_date`). Every DAG run contains one task using sensor that will potentially take up to 20 minutes to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example DAG below is scheduled to run once for every minute within a defined time-frame (between its `start_date` and its `end_date`). Every DAG run contains one sensor task that will potentially take up to 20 minutes to complete.
```

> When using the **Classical sensor** `DateTimeSensor` with default settings one worker slot is taken up by every sensor that runs. By leveraging a **Deferrable operator** for this sensor, the `DateTimeSensorAsync` you can achieve full concurrency while allowing your workers to complete additional work across your Airflow environment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the standard `DateTimeSensor` with default settings, one worker slot is taken up by every sensor that runs. By leveraging a deferrable version of this sensor, `DateTimeSensorAsync`, you can achieve full concurrency while allowing your workers to complete additional work across your Airflow environment. 
```
Updated the language here to "standard" instead of "classical" to be consistent with what OSS Airflow uses. Should also update the tab names.

> <Tabs

Reviewer: I don't love the use of tabs here. Tabs typically indicate a choice that a user makes based on their preference/ system dependencies, but here we're using tabs to hide information that should be compared and contrasted as a single idea. If you decide to un-tab this, revise my previous suggestion.

>     defaultValue="classical"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    defaultValue="standard"
```

    groupId= "datetime-async"
    values={[

>         {label: 'Classical sensor', value: 'classical'},

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        {label: 'Standard sensor', value: 'standard'},
```

        {label: 'Deferrable operator', value: 'deferrable'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="classical">

The screenshot below shows 16 running DAG instances, each taking up one worker slot.

![Classic Tree View](/img/guides/classic_sensor_slot_taking.png)

> The DAG code uses a classic sensor and default configuration of concurrency:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DAG code uses a standard sensor and default configuration of concurrency:
```

<CodeBlock language="python">{sync_dag}</CodeBlock>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="deferrable">

The screenshot below shows 16 DAG instances running, each with one task in a deferred state (violet square) which does not take up a worker slot. Tasks in other DAGs can use the available worker slots making the version using a deferrable operator more cost and time-efficient.

![Deferrable sensor Grid View](/img/guides/deferrable_grid_view.png)

The only difference in the DAG code is using the deferrable operator `DateTimeSensorAsync` over `DateTimeSensor`:

<CodeBlock language="python">{async_dag}</CodeBlock>

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> By default only 16 active DAG runs will be scheduled and only 16 tasks can be active (not in a deferred state) in a DAG. To increase concurrency, increase the value of the DAG following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default only 16 active DAG runs will be scheduled and only 16 tasks can be active (not in a deferred state) in a DAG. To increase concurrency, increase the value of the following DAG parameters:
```

Reviewer: This info seems like it's only relevant to the non-deferred implementation, I would probably 

- Keep this in the "sensor" tab (if you're keeping tabs)
- Cut this config and only link to the scaling guide, saying something like:

"Because only 16 tasks can be active in a DAG by default, to run your tasks on time you will have to scale up Airflow to use more resources as described in [Scaling Airflow to optimize performance](airflow-scaling-workers.md)."

> - `max_active_runs` to allow for more active DAG runs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_active_runs` to allow for more active DAG runs.
```
